What is it guys and welcome x so as in the video we install WordPress in it and you can see that we're
going to be building another website and that's OK as you can see that we created a normal personal
Web site.
OK.
And now in this video or in this section we're going to be building a company based Web site for a company
and we'll be working up for this so basically we will be using this whole team.
OK.
We will be moving up with a different color customization.
We'll be moving with some different Deng's.
OK.
You guys already know about this team.
This team works pretty amazing.
OK.
So what we want to do is that we need to go to is want complete we'll be course dot com slashed WP dash
admin and many to log in to our Web site.
So let's go ahead let's enter the username and password and we don't have to waste time right now.
OK we have to just do start things right now.
OK.
And let's hit Lagann and we are here in the loggin panel.
So first it says that we need to obtain a password.
So I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to make sure that everything is updated right here.
I'm going to come here.
I need an update.
OK.
And everything is up.
So updated so you can see in the panel.
I can update everything.
I'm going to go ahead I'm going to go back to a page right now.
I'm going to I'm here I'm going to select all the teams and I'm going to get updates.
You can see these teams are going to be updated right now.
OK.
Let's go ahead and let's go to the team speech and this is our whole team section.
What we want to do.
We also want to go to update the word press so we need to have that word press.
Let's go ahead.
Let's head up DADE And you can see that a full press is being updated.
So there we go.
You can see it has been updated.
I'm going to go to appearance and then I'm going to go the teams and I want to set up this table of
the notes double the ocean ocean the ocean will be team this is the name of the team.
So I want to go with this team or let's try another team right now.
OK.
And we will be working with.
So let's go to the popular tab and let's see if we can go with another team.
So basically we can go with this elemental plug in to design our inner side.
OK.
And we basically need to work with the head.
This header is under the ocean double team.
This is because we can not added the elementary plug in this.
OK I showed you this plug in this plugin is used to create the content inside that game so I think this
one is a bit better team.
OK.
Yes.
Or.
Yes OK.
Let's go ahead and let it install and we're going up with this mesmerise team.
OK.
I'm going to go hit I'm going to hit activate.
And this team is going to be activated so I'm going to show you that how can you use different type
of themes.
So this team recommends the following plug in.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit begin installing plug in I'm going to hit this.
And let's go ahead and install these plug ins.
So we also want to install that elementary plug in because that is also important.
I'm going to go to the plugins right now.
I'm going to go to add Neal and I'm going to come here.
I'm going to hit this element.
Tor OK.
Let's see if we've got the plug in on Intel our OK.
Here we go.
I'm going to get this.
And this is great.
Now
this activate So this has been activated right now.
I'm going to go to my website.
So let's have a look at how our Web site is looking.
So we may see how it is.
This is how our website is looking.
We have our poster coming pray here and we have a footer right here.
So what I'm going to do I'm going to just come here I'm going to go to the dashboard right now.
And I want to go to the settings and then let's go to the permalink and let's change the permalink type.
So I'm going to click here and I'm going to get post name.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to save the changes to make sure that it is like this.
Go to the appearance and then menus and create a new menu.
Let's apply that menu.
So I'm going to go here I'm going to name my name to be menu one.
I'm going to create menu.
So the menu has been created and I want to add some links.
So let's go ahead let's delete this and the post let's go to the custom links and links and the custom
links here.
After that we're going to be editing them.
So let's add a hash tag right here and let's come here to the link.
Excellent sex is going to be about.
OK.
We also want to create a new page and that will be services
services OK.
Let's go ahead and we also want to create one more and that will be
contact C O and t is t.
Let's go ahead and said Antonio.
So these are too many.
I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to hit primary menu and I'm going to hit save so you can see that you can she has a display
location to be.
So some things have the main menu set as some theme has the primary menu in Romania.
And now let's go ahead and let's say that how it is looking right now.
So here we go you can see we have home about services contact and we are totally done with this.
If you go to rate this right now you can see that the permalink is also set.
Now one more thing that we want to do is that we need to create a new page and that will be our home
page.
I'm going to go to page and I'm going to add a new page and I'm going to name it as home.
OK.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit publish.
So we have these as well OK.
I'm going to go to publish
and we also want to create a new page and that will be our post page or block page.
So it's going to be a blog.
I said publish and we want to do one thing and that is we want to activate these plug in we haven't
activated them.
This is the mistake that we are doing right now.
I'm going to come here I'm going to hit activate and attack activate and legit activate apply so here
we go every plug in has been activated.
And now let's have a look at our website.
So this is how our Web site is looking right now.
OK.
This is looking pretty well.
I'm going to go ahead I'm going to come here and I want to just go to the settings right now.
I don't want to go to the General tab or sorry and writing to see the reading was happening to me.
OK.
And I want to make my home page to be my home page because we're going to edit that age so I'm going
to.
I'm here.
And this is all it's already said to homepage because we install that plug in and you can see that our
home page is now from bage basically.
OK.
And post just now Plock page that has already been created.
So it's looking cool already.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to go to the pages so this is by installing that plug in what it did is that it automatically
created some post and stuff stuff.
OK.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to delete this plug in.
No sorry.
The page and I also want to delete this pages ago.
There we go.
We have two pages right now.
This is our main page and this is our blog page.
We're going to be editing this whole Web site and this and I'm going to show you that how can you create.
How can we added this completely.
How can you add some more stuff if you want to add and how we're going to do everything.
So stay tuned.
And Bebai.